CPP-4968 S796 List all escape sequence from C99, C++11 and C++23 (#3689)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S796/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

The use of an undefined escape sequence leads to undefined behavior. 

> Escape sequences supported in each C and {cpp} standard are: `\n`, `\t`, `\v`, `\b`, `\r`, `\f`, `\a`, `\\`, `\?`, `\'`, `\"`, `\<Octal Number>`, and `\x<Hexadecimal Number>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Escape sequences supported in every C and {cpp} standard are: `\n`, `\t`, `\v`, `\b`, `\r`, `\f`, `\a`, `\\`, `\?`, `\'`, `\"`, `\<Octal Number>`, and `\x<Hexadecimal Number>`.
```

> From C99 and {cpp}12 introduced escape sequence for Unicode characters in form: `\u<4 Hexadecimal Digits>` and `\U<8 Hexidecimal Digits>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

C99 and {cpp}12 introduced escape sequences for Unicode characters in the form: `\u<4 Hexadecimal Digits>` and `\U<8 Hexidecimal Digits>`.
```

> {cpp23} supported named escape sequences for Unicode characters in form `\N{<Name of Character>}` and a delimited version of escape sequences are supported: `\o{<Octal Number>}`, `\x{<Hexadecimal Number>}`, and `\u{<Hexadecimal Number>}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{cpp23} supports named escape sequences for Unicode characters in the form `\N{<Name of Character>}` and a delimited version of escape sequences is supported: `\o{<Octal Number>}`, `\x{<Hexadecimal Number>}`, and `\u{<Hexadecimal Number>}`.
```
